We got exactly the questions that we are trying to address from the audience, just to give the idea of how prepared and fast are those people.

Exclusion restriction when we come to the causal channel from the shock to unemployment and the voting behaviour does not hold, so we should try to stay generic about the effect and say that we are getting the effect on everything together. However, it would be useful to see many types of potential channels that affect populism through the credit shock and see where there are positive effects, and going by exclusion if some have no effect we have a broad overview of the mechanism.

Control for trends on individual characteristics interacting with time 

Weight the exposure measure given the size of the firms in that specific county instead of taking the average of the firms and that's all, we do not have to do things exactly as Huber did if they are not great for our identification. We need to weight the firms somehow because otherwise it is not credible, we spent at least 10 minutes on that during the presentation. 

Add graph on trends of parties in the elections to explain which parties gained most popularity contemporary to the credit shock.

They asked about differences between rural and urban areas for once, so we should keep it.

Do actual voting at county level because the variation in the end is at county level, it might be worth to try with actual voting even if it is nice to have individual preferences etc., just as a side point of the story.

It might be that even though household debt was not affected by the credit shock because saved by the government-owned fund, people change the way they perceive the bank because of that, which might directly affect voting behaviour.

The supply side response as we do it does not pick up the real supply side, but rather a mix between three effects (I do not remember exactly I have to talk with Mitch about that). 

There was a question about looking at the contribution of MPs that come from specific electoral districts to understand the actual supply of populism contribution related to the demand generated by the shock at the specific geographical level. 

Robustness: Pre-Trends is wrong do not call it like this because it is bad Arash said (but if I copy the title from Tarek Hassan he is not wrong see, so WTF)

Spatial Variation of Exposure Map: Can you say more about the patterns? Why some areas are more exposed whereas in Bavaria there is nothing? It holds the story of post-WWII Headquarters, but we need to explain it better for East Germany (Dresdner Bank was acquired there, but we cannot say the fact that Commerzbank had an aggressive branch expansion after Reunification making brand new branches in Eastern Germany, unless we have a good story for the instrument)

Estimate the results for West Germany and East Germany separated. County level fixed effects might not be enough when it comes to the reaction to the shock: Western Germans might react differently to the shock with respect to Eastern Germans through time.

Estimate the effect for different working categories, it might be that the car mechanic reacts differently from the white collar to the widespread shock.

The flowchart slide is too complicated to explain to a general audience, the seededLDA even more, so we should keep it the simplest as possible because I lost people there. 

Look at local newspapers to see what is the understanding of individuals about the credit shock ongoing